.TH FSETUP 1 "Jan 2005" FSP
.SH NAME
fsetupcmd, fsetup \- set environment variables
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fsetup [-c | -b] host port [directory] | abbreviation
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B fsetup
uses a resources files to set all environmant variables needed to connect to a
given host via FSP.
.B fsetup
loads all available resource files. If server is defined in multiple
files, first match is returned. Load order is
.I .fspsites
in the current working directory and in the user's home
directory. Then a system wide default file is used.
If
.B fsetup 
is invoked with an abbreviation given, the resource files are searched for the
first host to match this abbreviation. The values given for this host will
be set.
.LP
If
.B fsetup
is invoked with a given host and port number, this host will be used and no
searching in the resource file will be done.
.LP
Since programs cannot change environment variables of their parent shell in
a simple way, it is recommended that the user defines a shell alias or
function to make it possible.
.B csh
example:
.LP
.nf
alias fsetup 'eval `fsetupcmd \!*`'
.fi
.SH FILES
For more information about the resource file confer
.I fspsites(5).
.SH ARGUMENTS
.LP
.B -b
-- output Bourne shell code
.LP
.B -c
-- output C shell code
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.LP
The environment variables associate this program with a FSP database and are
set (resp. unset) if needed. See fsp_env(7) for list.
.SH HISTORY
.LP
This is rewrite of classic fsetup Perl script which was used in gold
FSP era to parse standard fspsites format used for FSP site list exchange. 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD
fcatcmd(1), fcdcmd(1), fgetcmd(1), fgrabcmd(1), flscmd(1), fmkdir(1),
fprocmd(1), fput(1), frmcmd(1), frmdircmd(1), fver(1), fducmd(1),
fhostcmd(1), fspd(1), fsp_prof(5), ffindcmd(1), fsp_env(7), fbye(1),
fspsites(5)
